---
name: Jeremiah Grossman
year: 2016
photo: jeremiah-grossman.jpg
intro: >-
    Founder of WhiteHat Security. World-Renowned Professional Hacker. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt. Published Author. Influential Blogger. Off-Road Race Driver.

    Jeremiah Grossman’s career spans nearly 20 years and he has lived a literal lifetime in computer security to become one of the industry’s biggest names. And since Jeremiah earned a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt, the media has described him as “the embodiment of converged IT and physical security.” Preventing attacks from the scariest cyber-criminals is all in a day’s work for Jeremiah, but staying a keystroke ahead of the bad guys isn’t easy. In 2001, Jeremiah founded WhiteHat Security, which today has one of the largest professional hacking armies on the planet.
permalink: /2016/jeremiah-grossman
weight: 1
more_link: true
---
Founder of WhiteHat Security. World-Renowned Professional Hacker. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt. Published Author. Influential Blogger. Off-Road Race Driver.

Jeremiah Grossman’s career spans nearly 20 years and he has lived a literal lifetime in computer security to become one of the industry’s biggest names. And since Jeremiah earned a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt, the media has described him as “the embodiment of converged IT and physical security.” Preventing attacks from the scariest cyber-criminals is all in a day’s work for Jeremiah, but staying a keystroke ahead of the bad guys isn’t easy. In 2001, Jeremiah founded WhiteHat Security, which today has one of the largest professional hacking armies on the planet. Let it sink in. Professional. Hacker. Army.

Jeremiah has received a number of industry awards, been publicly thanked by Microsoft, Mozilla, Google, Facebook, and many others for privately informing them of weaknesses in their systems — a polite way of saying, ‘hacking them’. His research has included new ways to surreptitiously turn on anyone’s computer video camera and microphone from anywhere across the Internet, sidestep corporate firewalls, abuse online advertising networks to take any website offline, hijack the email and bank accounts of millions, silently rip out saved passwords and surfing history from web browsers, and many other innovative cyber-attack techniques – some so insidious and fundamental that many still have not been fixed to this day.

Collectively, it’s no surprise Jeremiah has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, NY Times and hundreds of other media outlets around the world who rely upon his expertise regularly. Just type “Jeremiah Grossman” into your favorite search engine, you’ll see. He also serves on the advisory board of several hot start- ups including Kenna Security, SD Elements, and BugCrowd. Of course, all of this was after Mr. Grossman served as information security officer at Yahoo!

## An Insider’s Guide to Cyber-Insurance and Security Guarantees

$75 billion. That’s the amount of money businesses, governments, and individuals pay every year to security companies. While some security companies provide good value, the reality is the number of incidents are still getting worse and more frequent. Hundreds of millions of people have had their personal information stolen, businesses all over the world are losing intellectual property, and financial fraud is in the billions of dollars. These stories are constant, seemingly never-ending, and customers are tired of it. They are even apathetic to the degree that customers are turning to cyber-insurance as an alternative to breach prevention. We know this because cyber-insurance is a thing. In fact, cyber-insurance is a skyrocketing business that is already influencing every area of the information security industry. This rise of cyber-insurance has also provided a new way for security vendors to help their customers. A way for them to make a real positive impact, differentiate themselves, and align their incentives to that of their own customers – I’m talking about security guarantees.

Security guarantees or guaranteeing security is almost a taboo subject in the industry. As skeptics are quick to point out, nothing is 100% secure. Everything can be hacked. They’re technically right, of course, but they’re also missing the bigger picture. Just like we all buy electronics, cars, tools, or toys for the kids, all of these items sometimes break – yet, every manufacturer still provides some kind of guarantee. Most often, at least a replacement, a manufacture can do this because they know how often their product breaks. If every other major industry in the world can do it, the security industry can too! And while many InfoSec practitioners are not yet aware of this, a few security vendors are already offering security guarantees. From private conversations, at least a half dozen or more are actively working with cyber-insurers and creating security guarantee programs of their own. Many of our peers are investing their time in this space as well. In not too long, security guarantees will become common.

InfoSec practitioners who want to get a head start, or even a leg up, in cyber-insurance and security guarantees – this presentation is just for you. Also, one does not simply launch a security guarantee program. A great many things must be discussed, analyzed, and accounted for first. The business model of the program must be carefully designed, product efficacy must be measured, risk calculated, lawyers consulted, impact on financial accounting rules understood, liability reinsured, and more. Security vendors, if you’re interested in how to go about creating a security guarantee program of your own, I’ll be providing several helpful tools and a process. And business managers who would like to understand the landscape and how security guarantees are a great help in the purchase process, this talk is also for you.